gh-118761: Improve import time of `sqlite3` (#129118)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-01-21-14-51-44.gh-issue-118761.Z0F-d5.rst

> Improve import time of :mod:`sqlite3` by around 2 times. Patch by Jiahao Li.

Reviewer: @AA-Turner, what do you think?

```suggestion
Halve the import time of :mod:`sqlite3`. Patch by Jiahao Li.
```

Reviewer 2: I like it, snappier!
